::: \"container\"
# Quotex Ao Vivo Bot Download: Profit from Binary Options in India

## What are Quotex Bots?

Quotex Bots are trading robots that automate manual strategies through
variables to operate on the quotex.com brokerage.

[![](https://static.quotex.io/files/5_en/300_250.jpg)](https://traff.sbs/brokerqxsignupf)

## How do Quotex Bots work?

Quotex trading robots are automatizers of strategies already defined by
the developers and indicators of signals for opening contracts.

## Where can I find Quotex Bots?

Nowadays you can get Quotex robots both for free and for a fee. Register
at Quotex broker and get access to our **Quotex Bots for free!**

## Are free quotex goods good?

Yup. Most people take free **quotex bots** and sell around as
miraculous. What differentiates a free trader robot from a free is the
marketing that the seller does.

## Can I test the quotex bots?

Sure! By registering with Quotex, you will earn **\$10,000** to be able
to test your operations before you put real money.

## How much should I start?

The minimum bet amount to open a contract is \$**2.00**. We advise
starting with \$**100.00** of bank to start your operations.

## How much can I win?

There are robots and indicators with different strategies, you can
choose which one to use and seek **profits around 90% in each open
contract.**

## How does assertiveness work?

**Quotex robots** have, from high assertive indicators to bots that
connect directly to your account and open contracts for you.

## Create your free quotex account and start using **Bots Quotex!**

You need to be registered with Quotex.com to be able to use free traders
robots. You will have access to tutorial videos on how to deposit and
withdraw in the broker, plus 1 tutorial video for each bot quotex.

## FAQ

### How will I have access to the robots?

After you register with Quotex.com broker, you will fill in our form
above and receive your first trader robot with instructions for use. You
will also be directed to our free robot platform!

### Are the quotex bots really free or do I need to pay for them later?

Our quotex bots are completely free! You will have access to more than
100 traders robots that are constantly updated, and best of all, all
robots have a tutorial video for you to know how to operate with each of
them.

### How much should I start?

We recommend the minimum of \$ 100.00, because the minimum bet to open
each contract is \$ 2.00. The robots are very varied, you can choose
from bots that give you more safety or greater risk. All of them
explained in detail!

Email: Phone:
:::

\`\`\`

